is abilene means that the
garbage people
but the funny thing is is that
they don't believe there's such
thing as garbage so they believe
that they are the recyclers
they moved in from the
countryside when they were
displaced by agro industry and
they realize that if they
couldn't do their farming on
their land they could farm the
city
the women and little girls
separate out the organics and
feed it to the animals
the plastic in the glass and
metal go to the men to be
shredded in and sold primarily
the Chinese eighty-five percent
of Kairos garbages recycled by
them
the only downside is that they
don't have the investment
capital and the political
permission to really make their
place efficiently clean like a
good prospector entrepreneur
they see value in things that
other people can't see the value
in their very proud of you
all bees buzz but bumblebees are
one of the very few types of
beings that actually take that
buzzing sound and use it like a
secret weapon to get pollen